mostly all aptitude tests that have a technical round will have some variation of array questions. though it may be time consuming
you can't get away without practice or some sort of experience. 
Here are some freely available samples that i think teach you something, it is important to know that you must know other data structures
as well and all the common sorting and searching algorithms;
ref:https://javarevisited.blogspot.com/2015/06/top-20-array-interview-questions-and-answers.html

1. How to find the missing number in integer array of 1 to 100? 
One trick to solve this problem is to calculate sum of all numbers in the array and
compare with expected sum, the difference would be the missing number.
2. How to find duplicate number on Integer array in Java?
 you can apply the same trick of comparing actual sum of an array to expected sum of
 series to find out that duplicate. This is generally asked as follow-up question of previous problem.
 Linkedhashset and Set
 
 3. How to check if array contains a number in Java?
The complexity of binary search is O(logN). BTW, if interviewer says that array is not sorted then you can still sort 
and perform binary search otherwise you can use sequential search. Time complexity of sequential search in array is O(n).
4. How to find largest and smallest number in unsorted array?
5. How to find all pairs on integer array whose sum is equal to given number?
import java.util.HashSet;
import java.util.Set;
if(numbers.length < 2){
            return;
        }        
        Set set = new HashSet(numbers.length);
        
        for(int value : numbers){
            int target = n - value;
            
            // if target number is not in set then add
            if(!set.contains(target)){
                set.add(value);
            }else {
                System.out.printf("(%d, %d) %n", value, target);
            }
        }
    }
6.   How to find repeated numbers in an array if it contains multiple duplicates?
7. Write a program to remove duplicates from array in Java? 
8. How to sort an array in place using QuickSort algorithm?
9.   Write a program to find intersection of two sorted arrays in Java?
10. There is an array with every element repeated twice except one. Find that element? Just hashSet all find
summation and find sum of the duplicates and then sub to find ans
11. How to find kth smallest element in unsorted array? sort and give kth index
12. How to find kth largest element in unsorted array?
13 How to find common elements in three sorted array?
14. How find the first repeating element in an array of integers?
15. How to find first non-repeating element in array of integers?
16. How to find top two numbers from an integer array?
17. How to find the smallest positive integer value that cannot be represented as sum of any subset of a given array?
18. How to rearrange array in alternating positive and negative number?
19. How to find if there is a sub array with sum equal to zero?
20. How to remove duplicates from array in place? 
21. How to remove a given element from array in Java?
22. How to merge sorted array?
23. How to find sub array with maximum sum in an array of positive and negative number?
24. How to find sub array with largest product in array of both positive and negative number?
25. Write a program to find length of longest consecutive sequence in array of integers?
26. How to find minimum value in a rotated sorted array?
27. Given an array of of size n and a number k, find all elements that appear more than n/k times?
28. How to reverse array in place in Java? 
29. Difference between array and linked list data structure?
30. How to check if array contains a duplicate number?
