
Experience Requirements: 

Have several years of experience in digital forensics and/or incident response.

Is happy to work independently, and get engaged in online chats with a globally distributed team.

Experience with forensic tools, you will have access to Encase, W-ways, Axiom, Carbon Black, Counterattack and GRR along with whatever open source tools you prefer and other commercial tools you can convince us to buy.

Have experience with compromises involving web applications.


Skill Requirements 

Must be fluent in English, both written and spoken.  French, Spanish or Portuguese is a plus but not a requirement.

Be a fast and lifelong learner

Be comfortable chasing malware through systems and familiar with persistence mechanisms, injection methods and detection/evasion techniques.

Ability to lead teams of both direct as well as indirect reports

Ability to foster and develop strong client relationships.

Be able to decode base64 in their head and write a python script before breakfast.

DFIR

Knowledge of key forensic artifacts in both Windows and *Nix systems. Be able to articulate their significance to an investigation.

Experience in payment card forensics (under the PCI PFI program) desirable.

Experience with scripting in Perl/Python/Ruby very desirable.

Experience with both desktop-based and server-based forensics.

Comfortable working in a *nix environment.

Bonus experience

Contributions to the DFIR community, Blog, twitter, git repos.

Conference presentations (but paid marketing events don’t count).

Penetration testing experience.

Knowledge of and demonstrable experience with a wide range of different attack tools.

Application testing skills.

Reverse engineering skills.

 Other Requirements

Demonstrated leadership experience

Strong report writing skills

Strong communications skills

Ability to travel, approx. 25%

Ability to work independently and communicate with clients.

Ability to identify potential new business opportunities within the client base

