--------------------------------------Domain - Security Testing:---------------------------------------------

Difference between Blind SQL Injection and SQL Injection
Types of XSS -(DOM, Stored, Reflected)
Difference between risk, vulnerability and threat
Encryption Vs Hashing Vs Encoding
What is Burpsuite?
What are the different attacks that can be performed using Burpsuite?
What are the different attacks that you have performed using Kali Linux?
Is Wire shark a network monitoring tool?
IDS vs IPS vs Firewall
What is the role of secure attribute in a cookie?
Cookie vs Sesion
How does CSRF Attack works.
Symmetric Vs Asymmetric Cryptography
IPv4 Vs IPv6
How can you mitigate SQL injection/ XSS/ CSRF attack
How can you prevent web server attacks?
List any 3 ways to prevent Brute Force Attacks.
Explain Buffer Overflow.
What is Heart Bleed Attack?
IPv4 Packet Header Analysis
Switch Vs Hub Vs Router
HTTPS Vs HTTP
What is the use of Salting in Hashing?
What is the difference between an APT and Malware?
What are the different types of malware?
Virus Vs Worm
What is the difference between VA and PT?
What is the difference between payload and exploit?
What do you understand by Auxiliary modules in Metasploit?
What is the role of AD in network Security?
What are the different network layer attacks?
What do you understand by DHCP spoofing? How does DHCP work?
Public IP vs Private IP
Black list Validation Vs White List Validation
What is the role of Netcat in reverse shell?
How can you perform a DDOS attack ?
Explain how information travels in a network(Make sure you involve each layer of OSI Model while answering)
What do you understand by Fuzzing?
Explain different phases of Hacking in detail.
What do you understand by session hijacking? How can it be prevented?
What is click-jacking?
Explain MITM attack.
What is the role of DMZ in network security?
What is replay attack in network security? In simple terms, what is the difference between wiretapping and replay attacks in network security?
For testing, I would advise you to study OWASP TOP 10 for Web App Security thoroughly. Besides clear understanding of networking is required to ace the interview.

Important Tools: Burpsuite, nmap, netcat, Armitage, sqlmap , metasploit, nessus and wireshark.

-----------------------------------------------------------Security Audit-----------------------------------------------------------

Difference between risk, vulnerability and threat
What is Exception Management? (Flow Diagram)
What is Change Management?(Flow Diagram)
Role of disruptive tech in the future of Audit?
What is the role of PCI DSS in payment card Industry?
What are QSAs in PCI DSS?
What do you understand by Non Conformity?
What are the 10 things that you must look during Server Security Audit?
What are the 10 things that you must look during Physical Security Audit?
What do you understand by Incident Management?(Flow diagram)
What are the security implications of EU GDPR? What are the security and privacy implications of the EU GDPR?
Does India have a privacy Law?
What do you know about IT Act ? What are the recent amendments made in IT ACT? Can you update me with cyber laws in India? Do all countries have different cyber laws?
What are the factors that can result in data leakage?
What do you understand by Ransomware? Explain its impact on an organisation in terms of regulatory, operational and financial losses.
Preventive Vs Detective Vs Corrective controls
What do you understand by residual risk?
What do you understand by Identity Access Management System?
How can you protect data at rest and data in motion?
What do you understand by ISMS?
Excel Skills- V lookup, Pivoting, H lookup, Data Vizualisation and automation through Macros.
Security Vs Privacy
What is the difference between Business Continuity and Disaster Recovery?
False Positive Vs False Negative
Define Governance. Also explain difference between Governance and Management.
Explain chain of custody.
What is the importance of Audit trails?
Explain SOA
Explain different Risk treatment techniques.
What are the different threats and vulnerabilities that you can map with Physical Security/Server Security/Network Security
RTO Vs RPO(BCP & DR)
Information Technology Vs Information Systems
What are the different phases of Business Continuity?
What do you understand by BIA?
Standard vs policy vs procedure vs guidelines
What do you understand by AAA?
Difference between authorization and authentication with example.
For this profile, candidate must have crystal clear understanding about ISMS and its implementation.

Good Speaking skills and confidence will certainly give you an edge.

--------------------------------------------------General Questions:-------------------------------------------------------------

How does Google work?
What do you understand by VLan Security?
How block chain can be used to enhance cyber security of an organisation?
How can you provide secure access to remote users?
IPsec vs VPN
What is the role of Captcha in Web Application Security?
How do you keep yourself updated with the information security news?
Explain Spectre and Meltdown
Explain what is the 80/20 rule of networking?
What is the difference between Cyber Security and Information Security?
Do you think phishing is over rated?
What do you understand by BYOD?
What do you understand by DNS? How does it work?
How does Proxy work?
Difference between phishing and spear phishing.

Try codeforces.com and codechef challenges!
competitive coding will go a long way in the interview and pre interview stages and help you become a good programmer
hackerrank, hackerearth, hacker101

